perchita and I, well, we share
a lot of audience because they know us, you
see, Auro is always like that, not with
Gemita, he did the same, yes it's true, let's
see, well that's his decision, he
knows who he is, he knows what he's up to, he
knows when he exposes someone, both the
positive and the negative. I mean, he's going to
help her in her work. I also tell you in
the case of this girl, I would say that it's not the
same as Gemita because
this girl has no interest in
growing followers, no. I mean, she doesn't make
content. No, she. No, she doesn't do sports and
outside. No either, well, she gains followers
and all that stuff, no, but she doesn't seem
interested in doing anything. Stream And that, but the thing
is that this girl, I don't know, I see her as very
nice, I see her, I don't know, I like her, I don't know, she
gives me another impression and I've seen many
comments from people who have known her
all their life who say Auron. This is really
a crack, I don't know what